Archive this repo with pointer to the new sample (#4)
Azure-Samples/storage-blob-resize-function-node-v10: README.md

# Azure Storage Blob Trigger Image Resize Function in Node.js using the v10 SDK

> > IMPORTANT! This sample uses the older version of the Storage Blob SDK i.e. azure-storage. Please refer to the sample [storage-blob-resize-function](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/storage/storage-blob/samples/storage-blob-resize-function) that uses the latest version of the Storage Blob SDK i.e. [@azure/storage-blob](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/storage-blob) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> IMPORTANT! This sample uses the version 10 of the Storage Blob SDK. Please refer to the sample [storage-blob-resize-function](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/storage/storage-blob/samples/storage-blob-resize-function) that uses the latest version of the Storage Blob SDK instead.
```

Reviewer 2: @ramya-rao-a , I have updated the readme as you said.
